Assignment #3        NO LATE ASSIGNMENTS ACCEPTED PLEASE.     
DUE 11 pm Sunday, February 17, 2013                  

This problem is based upon the material in Chapter 8 (problem 1)

Generally I will run your program on jGrasp with Windows.
You can do your developmental work on any  machine, but you must use SSH to ftp your code 
to Osprey so that you can use turnin (see #5 below). I will use jGrasp on this problem

The program that you turn in will always be in a single file named unfid.java where unfid
is YOUR unf id.  So , I would name my file n00009873.java . This implies that the name of the class 
containing main must be n00009873.  

So , in general, my class containing main will be named n00009873
and the file containing all my classes will be named n0009873.java



1.	
        Write a class named Rectangle that has the following characteristics:
        a.  two private double data fields named width and height that specify the
            width and height of the rectangle. Make the default values for these 1
            for the width and 2 for the height.
        b.  A no-arg constructor that creates a default rectangle.
        c.  A two-arg constructor that creates a rectangle with any specified width
            and height.
        d.  Methods named getWidth() and getHeight() that return the width and height of a rectangle.
        e.  Methods named setWidth() and setHeight() that set the width and height of a rectangle.
        f.  A method named toString() that returns a String such as " the width of this
            rectangle is .... and the height is ..."  (the ... should be correct)
        g.  A method named getArea() that returns the area of a rectangle.
        h.  A method named getPerimeter() that returns the perimeter of a rectangle.
        i.  A method named isitSquare() that returns true or false based upon whether the
            rectangle is a square.

Each of your methods should be public.
Your code must satisfy a-h even though not all will be tested.
I will check your code carefully to be sure that a-h are written correctly and to specifications.

 2.    Write a public class named your n number (lowercase n)  that permits the user to enter a width and a length from a single 
       dialog box and output should go to a single dialog box.  The output  should be:
       
       the value of toString() is...................
       the area is .......
       the perimeter is....
       the rectange is [or is not] a square. 
       
       User input should be permitted until the user enters stop.

Both classes should be in the same file.

 I will run your compile and run your test program RectangleApp  using jGrasp. 

	All of the source code should be in a single file , named unfid.java
	So my file would be named n00009873.java

3.	turnin an electronic version of "unfid.java" using
	$ turnin unfid.java  kmartin.cop3503.a3


4.	check to see if the size of the file you saved is the same as the size
        of the file turned in

	$ turnin -c kmartin.cop3503.a3
        (tells you how many bytes you have turned in--check against how
        many you have saved) 
    	$ ls -l
        (list with long option)
 
NEVER turnin ANY BINARY CODE IN THIS CLASS.  NO LATE ASSIGNMENTS ACCEPTED..GET IT DONE 
EARLY!